+++
title = "goodbye cohost"
description = "the only good social media website"
date = 2024-09-22
+++

[cohost is shutting
down](https://cohost.org/staff/post/7611443-cohost-to-shut-down) at the end of
the month.  it sucks, I'm gonna miss it, and I hope something like it exists
again in the future. we didn't get enough time.

maybe this is going to be my more sociable website going forward? I have a [more
"normal" one](https://zphixon.com) but that has my headshot on it. despite there
being fun variants for holidays, i'm not really looking for a linkedin vibe for
my casual online presence.

I would like to try federation again. I fucked it up though. and it's REALLY annoying
that I can't use this domain name to federate with anymore. it would be so swag
to have an @grape.surgery username. there's still email I guess.

I want to start a project that would let people federate again using a domain
name they broke federation for.[^1] in the meantime I bought
[honk.love](https://honk.love) if I ever want to try it again, for something
like the [website league](https://websiteleague.org/).

anyway. I have aspirations that I might start writing stuff. complaints,
interesting tech-focused things, short fiction stories, things I hyperfocus on.
that will all (maybe) go here.

someone on cohost said it was important to reduce friction for this sort of
thing as much as possible. I see their point. it will probably get annoying
opening up a text editor and running
[ansible](https://github.com/zphixon/server) to publish a new post. maybe that's
another project in the future, ha.

[^1]: I'm not entirely sure how it would work. I'm imagining setting a TXT
record and opening some port that my app can talk to to verify a request. sort
of like letsencrypt/certbot.
